## Description
This is the PHP-REST API which belongs to my [portfolio-website](https://github.com/marzin89/portfolio-website) 
and handles its contents (education, jobs and websites).
It has full CRUD support and can be accessed from any domain,
although this is likely to change in the future. 
The API acts as an interface between the website and the database.
Please refer to the database classes in the _classes_ folder.
All data is returned as JSON. The API can be accessed [here](https://studenter.miun.se/~mazi2001/writeable/dt173g/projekt/webbtjanst/api/api.php).
### Parameters and values
The API accepts the following parameters and values:
- **cat**: _education_, _experience_ or _site_
- **id**: a 0-based integer. Corresponds to the array index (NOT the database ID).
All existing records are stored in an array by the class constructor.
### Methods
All methods will return an error message and the HTTP status code 503 
in case the database connection failed. If the action was successful,
200 will be returned. The POST, PUT and DELETE methods will also return 
an error message along with 503 if the action failed. A confirm message
will be returned by the aforementioned methods upon successful completion. 
Please note that there is no error handling for invalid ID's or empty database records.
This is because the API is not really meant to be used outside the context
of my portfolio website. All ID's are generated by JavaScript on the front end
and it is not possible to delete all records from the website's admin page.
#### GET
A GET request with _education_ or _experience_ will return both educations and jobs. 
This is because they are displayed on the same page. 
In order to retrieve a specific education or job, please provide either 
_education_ or _experience_ and the ID.
_Site_ will return all websites. In order to retrieve a specific website, 
please provide its ID.
#### POST
A POST request requires the category and a body. Please refer to the
list of properties below for each category. All data except for the
end date (educations and jobs) is required.
##### Education
- course
- school
- start_date
- end_date
##### Experience
- employment
- employer
- start_date
- end_date
##### Site
- name
- img_path
- description
- url
Please note that it is not possible to upload images to the website.
When adding a site, a default image will be displayed. The current
path is _/images/standardbild.jpg_.
#### PUT
A PUT request is similar to a POST request, but requires the ID.
The rest is pretty much the same except for the image path which
should not be provided. It is not possible to change the image for
existing websites.
#### DELETE
A DELETE request requires the category and the ID.
